Add post for sprint 91 about notifications (#282)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2021-02-12-notifications-new-filters.md

---
layout: post
title: New Filters for Notifications
category: development
---

Those of you enrolled in the [beta program](https://openbuildservice.org/2018/10/04/the-beta-program)
already know the new Notifications page we introduced a while ago.
After some interations refining its functionality and UI, we have also introduced two more filters:
_Incoming Requests_ and _Outgoing Requests_ filters.
Keep reading to know more about them, you could find them really useful.

## Filters Overview

> During a normal day, you can receive a big amount of web notifications. This, of course, depends on how many projects and
> packages you are involved in. The notifications' filters are there to help you find what you are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a normal day, you may receive a big amount of web notifications. The notifications' filters are there to help you find what you are looking for.
```

[screenshot of filters]

In previous iterations we already introduced different notifications' filters, check it out in the following posts:

[link to previous blog posts where other filters were introduced]

> Attending to the users' feedback, we have introduced a new pair of filters: _Incoming Requests_ and _Outgoing Requests_ filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Listening to the users' feedback, we have introduced a new pair of filters: _Incoming Requests_ and _Outgoing Requests_ filters.
```

> _Incoming Requests_ displays all the unread notifications related to Requests that others created in packages where you are involved.
> _Outgoing Requests_ displays all the unread notifications related to requests which were created by yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Incoming Requests_ displays unread notifications related to Requests that others created in packages where you are involved.
_Outgoing Requests_ displays unread notifications related to requests which were created by yourself.
```
